# The Blender Environments Course
Our Udemy course will teach you all you need to know to make gorgeous Environments

You're welcome to download, fork or do whatever else legal with all the files!

#### How To Use These Files
You can download the latest state of this section, or go to Commits then download to get our project as it was at the end of any lecture.

## Section 2 - Texturing Basics - Lecture List

Learn how to gather textures, map them to your models and what the various map types can do. Reference TB_BEC

### 1 Welcome To Texturing Basics

Michael welcomes you to the new section.

### 2 Creating A New Work Space

**In this video (objectives)…**

1. Create a new work space
2. Name it appropriately
3. Adjust the layout of the work space


**After watching (learning outcomes)…**

Manipulate Blenders interface and set it up for yourself.

### 3 Introduction To The UV Image Editor

**In this video (objectives)…**

1. Opened an image
2. Panned and Zoomed
3. Discovered an Images Properties


**After watching (learning outcomes)…**

You will be comfortable using the UV Image Editor


### 4 What Is A Texture?

**In this video (objectives)…**

1. Understand that the word texture describes the quality of a surface
2. Typically associated with an image
3. Can be generated by Blender
4. Image Resolution
5. Image Bit Depth
6. RGB Channels 


**After watching (learning outcomes)…**

Understand what a texture is and how it can be used

### 5 Material Node Introduction

**In this video (objectives)…**

1. Understand Nodes - moving adding and deleting
2. Understand the 4 different connection types
3. Naming and grouping are important!


**After watching (learning outcomes)…**

You will understand that nodes are a form of visual programming with various input and outputs

### 6 What Is UV Mapping?

**In this video (objectives)…**

1. Understand what we use UV Unwrapping for
2. Texture Co-ordinate node
3. How to quickly unwrap a model


**After watching (learning outcomes)…**

You will understand that you need to tell Blender **HOW** to apply am image to a model.


